Well, it's your first official day on the job and we're gonna start you off on a bigger case. We're looking for a terrorist, this person is younger and obviously knows how to make a bomb. We know they'll be trying to blow up a train at the subway station, so keep an eye out for anything suspicious. Good luck!##NEW INFO UNLOCKED: Jobs and Income
Good job on that last one. This next one's going to be a bit more difficult. Someones been breaking into offices all over town and stealing company secrets. All we know about this person is that they're older and they work with computers for a living, and I bet you they make good money too.
Another day, another badguy. Today we're looking for a theif, they've been putting fake card readers into ATMs and stealing bank account information. Keep an eye on anyone that uses more than one ATM at this bank, that could be our guy. This person's probably some single unemployed loser trying to scam people.##NEW INFO UNLOCKED: Relationship Status
Today we're going to stop a small drug operation. The vending machine guys are smuggling in steroids to members at a local gym. The person distributing it will probably be a regular at the gym and they've more than likely had problems with drugs in the past. Good luck.##NEW INFO UNLOCKED: Crime##NEW BADGUY UNLOCK: Disrupt#     Badguys can now scramble your information screen for a#     few seconds. Watch out!
Today we have a special assignment for you. We need to keep this one off the books. A rival company is meeting with someone who has insider information about us. We need you to get this person before they can meet and trade info. I think this person is some sort of detective or something. Please be quick.##NEW INFO UNLOCKED: Chat
Hey, today I need a favour that needs to stay off the books! I have this neighbour, and he's a pain in my side. He makes my grass look terrible and shaggy compared to his. Can you take him out for me? He's going to be around his place today. I'll be there too, and don't forget I'm John and he's Nick, don't get us confused.